so I was pumped up for the game just cuz
this is my whole club I was here for
four years so I'll probably be thinking
about it the night before and thinking
about coming to prove a point you've
been at a club when you're going back
you want to do well just for my
self-confidence it's always nice to go
back to an old club and show them what
they're missing
I love games in the rain because the
pitch is nice and wet you can play in
[Music]
we'll play games of season we're even or
lesson on contact today with the contact
now they were pretty physical team so we
couldn't get it down play our last
football we had to be pretty physical as
well
[Music]
it's one thing I said at the start
emotional control and I can see
frustration creepy is it too proper game
for them they want to tackle they want
to get you they want to compete but for
me it's a game that we can go win
[Music]
obviously common knowledge the second
half just wanted to impress
[Music]
we could have caved in today we could
have gone through your file behind come
out on top and won the game so maybe
push on from here
they were extremely committed and
competitive and that's what the game it
you're fighting to get into a club
they're fighting to stay there there's a
lot of room for improvement but I've
been seeing good signs of going in the
right direction
[Music]